In the military you don't really get paid based on the type of job that
you do, for instance, all officers that are the same pay grade make
the same money all enlisted people who are the same pay grade make
the money those are the two types of jobs that you can do, be an officer
if you have a degree and you choose that route or enlisted however
there are differences in the salary within the specific pay grade
for instance I am an E7 I'm a cheif so technically I make the same
as other chiefs out there but you could be, for instance, on a submarine
and you get a little bit more pay, a little bit, you can be in
the hazardous duty area which if you're fighting a war then you get
a little bit more pay based on that also because you're fighting that
war you don't have to pay taxes, some taxes, so those are ways that
you can save money even though we're the same pay grade people are
making more money based on where they live what they're doing what
kind of deployment they're on, if they are on one, you can even make
a different pay check based on where you live in the country so for
instance people in Monterey California which is an expensive area
might make a lot more for housing than people in Virginia that's just
one example but the cost of living is different so you have to take
all that into consideration but the answer to the question "how much
you make" it's all about the same based on your pay grade.